README.md, before:

# shelley-testnet

Welcome to the dedicated community support GitHub repo for the Cardano Shelley testnet program. This is the place to log any issues or bugs that you encounter as you build out your network, set up stake pools, or test the self node functionality. Please ensure that you are logged into GitHub before you log an issue, so that we can interact with you. 

We will assess all incoming issues in this central location and escalate them appropriately to our development teams for prompt resolution. We plan to provide support on weekdays and we work in different time zones, but 24hr support is not available. We encourage you to check the Jormungandr repository to see if a similar issue has already been raised so that we are not maintaining duplicates. 

Regular communication is planned and we will be providing copies of our weekly development reports here so that you are kept up to date on what is being delivered and what is planned for the testnet phases.

We encourage you to share your ideas and suggestions in this central location so that we can create a library of resolutions and support for the tasks that you need to perform.

In the mean time you can check:

## Video tutorials to install the self node 

[![How to install](http://img.youtube.com/vi/dhri33gWdgU/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnPTB0CuBOBzHmIMplX6BT6F3tzKOSFG5 "Shelley Testnet self node")

## How-to guides

- How To
  - [Install from source](https://github.com/input-output-hk/shelley-testnet/wiki/How-to-install-from-source)
  - [Start a self node](https://github.com/input-output-hk/shelley-testnet/wiki/How-to-start-a-self-node)
  - [Send from faucet to account](https://github.com/input-output-hk/shelley-testnet/wiki/How-to-send-money-from-the-faucet-to-an-account-address)
  - [Delegate from a new account](https://github.com/input-output-hk/shelley-testnet/wiki/How-to-delegate-from-a-new-account)
- [FAQ](https://github.com/input-output-hk/shelley-testnet/wiki/Shelley-Testnet-Support)

Commit message:

Eliminated links to self-node. Now it just links to the wiki which is the most fresh documentation

README.md, after:

# shelley-testnet

Welcome to the dedicated community support GitHub repo for the Cardano Shelley testnet program. This is the place to log any issues or bugs that you encounter as you build out your network, set up stake pools, or test the self node functionality. Please ensure that you are logged into GitHub before you log an issue, so that we can interact with you.

We will assess all incoming issues in this central location and escalate them appropriately to our development teams for prompt resolution. We plan to provide support on weekdays and we work in different time zones, but 24hr support is not available. We encourage you to check the Jormungandr repository to see if a similar issue has already been raised so that we are not maintaining duplicates.

Regular communication is planned and we will be providing copies of our weekly development reports here so that you are kept up to date on what is being delivered and what is planned for the testnet phases.

We encourage you to share your ideas and suggestions in this central location so that we can create a library of resolutions and support for the tasks that you need to perform.

The How-to instructions updated documentation etc. is located on the [Shelley testnet wiki](https://github.com/input-output-hk/shelley-testnet/wiki)

[![How to install](https://github.com/input-output-hk/shelley-testnet/wiki)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnPTB0CuBOBzHmIMplX6BT6F3tzKOSFG5 "Shelley Testnet Wiki")
